# BoutBot
My Reddit robot for, hopefully, a reinvigorated Chroma
----------------
# Introduction (The long boring, story drivin one. More of a foreward)
<p>So, this is a long time coming. On December 2nd, 2015 I submitted my idea for a new play style in /r/councilofkarma. It was after we had been talking about replacing the current battle system because it was too confusing and people weren't joining. I mean, that's the reason we as a whole were talking about it; not to sound too salty, but Orangereds were talking about it for a while because we were losing a lot with no end in sight. Regardless, this method received a very positive reception from my OR peers and generally positive reception from the group as a whole. However, nothing really changed and the Council went in a different direction. The current method is based off another suggestion I had, but I'm not satisfied with that. 
<br></br>My real problem was that reostra was too nice, and no way could I eevr demand so much from someone who continually just gives and gives and gives. I knew what I had to do, I had to make my own. It also means that I can have practical knowledge on python. The other obvious benefit is that it gives me free reign to make changes as I see fit. Most changes will be like my sports subreddit CSS, fixing my own mistakes. Hopefully it turns into more of my chroma subreddit CSS, adding things, pouring my free time into a passion project. I give myself about a 5% chance that this turns into a passion project, 50% chance that I work on this for a week and then let it sit on my bookmarks bar for months, making no progress. Afterall, it's much easier to come up with ideas than it is to come up with lines of code (those which will work). 
<br></br>Either way, this will be a fun experience. You can only go into something completely blind once.
=================
# Plan
<blockquote class="imgur-embed-pub" lang="en" data-id="a/6RlVg"><a href="//imgur.com/6RlVg"></a></blockquote><script async src="//s.imgur.com/min/embed.js" charset="utf-8"></script>
